Add contribibution text (#6)
hesa/floss-terms: README.md

# floss-terms

A dictionary for Free and Open Source software

# Contribute

You are more than welcome to contribute to our project:

* Fixes and additions: create a pull request.

* Comments and bug reports: create an issue

> By creating a pull request you approve of using our license on your material. The copyright is still your.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By creating a pull request you approve of contributing your material under the license of this project (as indicated in the `LICENSE` file). The copyright will remain yours, of course.
```
